Design

### HTML PAGES
Every HTML file I used for this project extends from layout.html, which contains the basic structure of each page, like the navigation bar that appears on all pages.

The main task list that is the default page for logged-in users, as well as the list of completed tasks, both contain a table that is a list of tasks.
The data members in each table have a class that is equal to the task they belong to, allowing me to assign different background colors to tasks of different tags in
the stylesheet. Also, each row of each table contains one or more forms consisting on a single button; these forms lead to other pages that contain forms, namely the
confirmation pages and the edit task page.

The confirmations for completing, deleting, or retrieving are separate from the action of actually doing so because it is a clear way of making sure that said action will
not be carried out if the user clicks "No" on the confirmation page. If the user is sent an message after submitting a form, the program will still go through the action even
if the user clicks "cancel" on the confirmation message generated by JavaScript.

### Responses to input
For blank inputs, the user receives alerts generated by HTML for required input in forms; for invalid inputs, the user is redirected to an apology page. This is because
invalid inputs can only be accessed after the form is submitted. This applies to adding/editing, as well as registering and logging in. For efficiency, I made one HTML
template for all types of apology messages, with parameters for the type of apology message.

### Data
I use an SQL database to store information inputted by users. There is one table for users and one for tasks; the latter references users for one of its columns to determine
which user has which tasks. The 'tasks' table has columns for all the fields in the add/edit forms, as well as a primary key, a column referencing the 'users' table, and a
boolean column that determiens whether the task is complete or not, to determine which table it is displayed in. Date and time stored separately instead of in a 'datetime' type
because the date and time values are separately displayed and used to sort the tables, so using datetime is not necessary.

The 'users' table has columns for a primary key, a username, and a hash for the password.
